Abstract: Summary the overall report
•Introduction and motivation: 
	The server folder is a shared folder that allows files to be shared between the server and client. This is accomplished through socket programming and the use of two terminal windows, one for the client and one for the server. Once the server is running, multiple clients can connect to the server through multi-threading. Multi-threading is a process that allows multiple processes, threads, to be ran concurrently. Files can be uploaded to or downloaded from the shared folder. This relationship provides huge advantages to the business and education fields because it allows teams to work on projects remotely and globally. This process is called cloud computing, and many companies are turning to this technology to store and share data. Our program is a Client-Server application that shows the basics of how cloud computing works. 
•Project design and Implementation:
	The CONNECT function sets the variable IP to a string and sets the variable PORT to an integer that are both entered by a user. If the user enters the correct hostname, localhost, and the correct port number, 4450, then the program establishes a connection between the client and the server by creating a client socket that uses the built in TCP primitive command “.connect” with the location of IP and PORT. An infinite while loop is running to ensure the program is ran until the function “LOGOUT” is called, which contains a break point causing the program to stop. The while loop contains the command line functions OK, DISCONNECTED, TASK, LOGOUT, DIR, CREATE, UPLOAD, DOWNLOAD, DELETE. The DIR function prints each file name in a given folder, as well as the size, and the time and date of when the file was uploaded. The DELETE function navigates to the server folder and searches for the file name given. Once the file is found the function calls “os.unlink” to remove the file from the server folder and changes the directory back to the Code folder, so other functions can be ran. 

